add platformio manual native install instruction to controller README (#1094)
RespiraWorks/Ventilator: software/controller/README.md

$ rm -rf .pio/
```

> If you encounter an error such as 'Unknown platform: native' try running

Reviewer: I'd suggest having the exact error message (see #1089), and formatting it as code:
```suggestion
If you encounter an error such as `Error: Unknown development platform 'native'`, try running
```

> $ platformio platform install native

Reviewer: ```suggestion

`$ platformio platform install native`
```
